In the memo from the advertising director of the Super Screen Movie Production Company, it is stated that reduced people attending Super Screen-produced movies than past years is due to public's lack of awareness that movies of good quality are available. The company therefore concludes to allocate a greater share of its budget next year to reaching the public through advertising. However, before this conclusion can be properly evaluated, two questions need to be answered.

First of all, the argument says that the percentage of positive reviews by movie reviewers about specific Super Screen movies actually increased during the past year. But does it mean, that movie reviewers liking matches with the common people? In other words, is it not plausible that "specific" movies that got good reviews by movie reviewers are good according to their criterias but they dont match what the common people like to see. If this scenario hs merit, then conclusion drawn in the original argument is significantly weakened. 

Secondly, the argument says that contents of the positive reviews  by movie reviewers are not reaching enough of their prospective viewers due to which they are not attending to watch the movies. But does it mean that majority of the prospective viewers still rely on this source of entertainment from Movie Production Companies? With the fast changing world, people are finding new sources of entertainment every other day. In this emerging entertainment content more tracts the people. Also, now people have more sources to watch movies. People can be willingly going away from production company to more enticing entertainment sources. If the above is true, then the argument does not hold water.

In conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance on several unwarranted assumptions. If author is able to answer these questions above and offer more evidence (perhaps in the form of systematic research study), then it will be possible to fully evaluate the viability of the proposed recommendation to allocate a greater share of budget next year to reaching the public through advertising.